What are modules?

Angular modules are in the end are ways of bundling angular building blocks together,
that would be components directives,services and pipes.You have to group all that together into such angular modules so that angular is 
aware of these features,because angular doesn't automatically scan all the files in your app.

It doesn't search all your code and automatically detect all your components and directives instead you need to tell angular what are 
components and in the end you have to bundle them into modules.

Every Angular needs to have atleast one module,AppModule.

Angular analyzes NgModule to understand your application and its features.

Angular module defines all your building blocks.

Angular app requires atleast one module (AppModule) but can be split into multiple modules.

Core Angular Features are added in Angular modules to load them only when needed.

You can't use a feature building block without including it in a module.

We are already use two modules one app.module.ts and app-routing.module.ts

We use imports array in app.module.ts to define mutliple angular modules which are being used in our app,so it basically helps us with

splitting app into multiple modules.

entryComponents in app.module.ts contains module which we create programmatically.

Imp->  Every moduke in angular works on their own they don't communicate with each other.there we export Routing Module in 
app-routing.module.ts and import in AppRoutingModule in app.module.ts so that we can use routes in app module.


Splitting App into Smaller Modules:

Instead of having big app module we can split  that into an app in which app moduke defines our App comonent and then into feature modules.

As splitting your app into feature modules is a prerequisite to performance improvements.

Create a new module inrecipes folder  ng generate module recipes

remove all the RecipeComponents from app component and add all the decalarations in recipeModule and also in export of recipeModule
so that we can import Recipe module in imports of App module we can use it there.

imports array in ngModule is for injecting other feature ngModules into this one.

Whatever we are using in templates under module that has to be imported importing slone in app.module.ts is not sufficient.
Services are an exception here we will come to them later.

Now we have made two modules one app and other recipe module we only Recipe Routes In Recipes module so we can avoid exporting them.


Shared Modules:

We can make shared modules and we know these are shared accross therefore we can import it in multiple modules to avoid code duplication
We can't declare one component in more than one module.

Core Module: for moving services out of app.module.ts in providers if any specified we prefer services in root level,but for interceptors
we can have this core module no need to export

CoreModule is make App component and app module more leaner we can move services here which inturn is added back to App module.
We don't need to export services.they are available at root level application wide.




